docs: clarify microsoft.md OIDC setup (#8329)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/user-management/microsoft.md

    ![Azure AD token configuration](../../assets/azure-token-configuration.png "Azure AD token configuration")

3. Edit `argocd-cm` and configure the `data.oidc.config` and `data.url` section:

        ConfigMap -> argocd-cm

        data:

>             url: {argocd_externally_facing_base_url}  # https://argocd.example.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            url: https://argocd.example.com/  # Replace with the external base URL of your Argo CD
```
